Announce that the new official IRC channel is on Libera.Chat (#18)
hpyproject/hpyproject.org: posts/2021/05/hpy-irc-moves-to-libera-chat.md

<!--
.. title: #hpy IRC moves to Libera.Chat
.. slug: hpy-irc-moves-to-libera-chat
.. date: 2021-05-29 10:00:00 UTC
.. author: antocuni
.. tags:
.. category:
.. link:
.. description:
.. type: text
-->

> Because of the
> [recent news about Freenode](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2021/05/freenode-irc-has-been-taken-over-by-the-crown-prince-of-korea/)
> and following the example of many other FOSS projects, the HPy team has

Reviewer: I would say either add a less inflammatory link or just remove the link:
```suggestion
Following the example of many other FOSS projects, the HPy team has
```

Reviewer 2: I'm +1 on just removing the link and stating as a fact that we're moving.

decided to move its official ``#hpy`` IRC channel from Freenode to
[Libera.Chat](https://libera.chat/): [irc.libera.chat/hpy](irc://irc.libera.chat/hpy)

> The current channel on Freenode will soon be dismissed, so we recommend to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core devs will no longer be present on the Freenode channle, so we recommend to
```
